Updated README and renamed args-info command (#3)
joenash/discord-skeleton: README.md

- Clone this repository.
- Set the local environment variable `DISCORD_TOKEN` to your Discord bot token (or set `token` in `config.json`).
- `npm install`.
- `node index.js`.

## Code structure

### Config

> bot.json handles command configuration. We use "!" to call the bot as normal

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The bot can be configured via ``config/bot.js``. The default command prefix is "!". 
```

### Events

> So the idea is that under the events folder, there is a folder for each kind of event. The index.js in that folder handles the event, and the other files are individual pieces of functionality so you would make a new file under messages and then call it from index.js

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To add a new event handler, create a directory within ``events`` named after the event you want to catch (full list within the DiscordJS [Client object](https://discord.js.org/#/docs/main/stable/class/Client)). Every handler must have an ``index.js`` that acts as the entry point to the event. See the existing handler for ``messages`` for an example.
```

#### Messages

> messages/index.js is divided into messages that are commands (have a prefix) and don't

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As most Discord bots are reply/response, or execute commands, a default message handler is included. ``messages/index.js`` detects commands with the configured prefix, and parses arguments. It also supports reacting to non-command message events, for i.e. logging or reply/response. 
```

## Commands and features

> Commands are determined by bot.json

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create a command, export a property ``type: 'command'``. The bot will check that a message has both the configured prefix, and the correct ``type`` property before executing a command.
```

> We use 'something'-command.js to name commands

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

>  - "!" to call bot commands.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> If it detects a "!" then it knows the message was a command, and returns the message split up into it's command phrase (e.g. args-info) and any arguments that came after the command phrase (e.g. for !args-info 1 2) it would return 1 and 2 as two args

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the bot detects a valid command, it returns the message split up into it's command phrase (e.g. args-info) and any arguments that came after the command phrase (e.g. for !args-info 1 2) it would return 1 and 2 as two args
```

> The ! is a prefix set via config from config/bot.js and those things are under "message" because they are related to the `message` event if we were responding to say, the `isTyping` event, there would be a folder called `isTyping` instead it takes the name of the folder, and uses that to attach the index.js in that folder to the event

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Commands are assumed to be executed in response to user messages, and so are handled by the ``messages`` handler. To add handlers for other events, see [Events](###Events).
```

I can never remember how to link to headings within the same document, I think this is right.

### Commands

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Below is a list of commands provided by default. Want to add a command? Pull requests welcome ✨.
```
